everybody welcome back dinner with the
line please finding vice-gerent plus
we've been well you haven't been playing
that well but we getting wins this is a
difference between playing well and
winning I suppose let's do a polygon we
got a lot to do as a polygon including
boss rush if we got the if we got the
money honey I got the time DHD are jo7
said I'm assuming that that's I mean you
never know what this frickin game I mean
am i right
spend 3000 hours in its piece of garbage
um that's a joke of course mostly how do
you how do you tell if that's the
negative or the Polaroid I'm gonna
assume that that's the Polaroid because
how else would we get to the negative
path without using like a self-sacrifice
room and I would like basically
guarantee that we have not done that as
any character on this SAF file much less
apollyon so not too I'm not too worried
you want to go negative path this time
cuz it looks like we've already done the
positive path you might be saying NL in
episode you know 461 we're not quite
there yet never soak 422 you win light
side path how do you not remember I have
to tell you first off that's extremely
flattering secondly your boy spends a
lot of time in this office talking to
himself videos bleed into each other
days bleed into each other months and
years sometimes bleed into each other in
here it's like being inside of the
freaking the hyperbolic chamber that
Goku trains in I do believe it's
hyperbolic not half
hyperbaric which is what David Duchovny
puts his hand in in the Zoolander series
of fish see we're all very familiar with
the Zoolander mythos I really hope they
make Zoolander retribution I hope they
did never actually make that but I still
somehow like I can't hate on that
generation actors you know I really like
Ben Stiller seems like a day in hates
him if you wanted I don't want to call
out there necessarily but I've always
he's always seemed like an
he plays affable characters and even
when he plays someone like white Goodman
from dodgeball you kind of get the idea
that he's like he's having fun with it
you know when he's a jerk like in heavy
weights or in happy gilmore for some
reason I don't know maybe Dan you know
he did live in Los Angeles for 12 weeks
two different times maybe he's got some
Ben Stiller stories some Stiller tales
if you will I think I'm gonna take it
I shouldn't accept I took damage so I
think taking it was the right decision
here so that we can actually protect our
deal with the devil chances cuz I kind
of screwed it up we should not have
taken that much damage especially
against Ragman but that's fine anyway
like same with Will Ferrell there was a
period I think Will Ferrell's considered
you know he's respected to some extent
right now but back in like 2008 a lot of
people were like I don't like Will
Ferrell I don't respect him I respect
him just seems like an affable guy I'm
gonna suck that item up and I shouldn't
have perhaps you could definitely make a
case that I should have taken it but I'm
gonna do so anyway it's weird that we
have like an attachment or at least a
preconceived notion of what an actor is
like just based on their the roles that
they play I'm trying to think are there
are there people in Hollywood that if I
saw them on the street I would be like
all that guy's a dick
the answer is there probably shouldn't
be you know just cuz someone played a
terrible villain doesn't necessarily
mean you know I wouldn't go say hi to
them like trying to think of examples
here like if we saw Bill Sarsgaard the
guy who played penny wise in the new it
remake ironically he's probably got
people you know walking over to him and
going dude I loved your role you'd
knocked it out of the park I don't think
he's got too many people crossing the
street then again people who might not
recognize him quite as much outside of
the make up I'm popping algae's here
just to give myself the best chance
possible to stay alive and I actually
and wait till he jumps and then gonna
drop a bomb just to speed this up so
algae's will definitely
last the whole fight or more probably
last the whole fight so damaged kind of
stinks I'm actually not gonna use the
bomb I'm going to use the bomb I really
thought we were gonna be able to make it
work without using it the bomb is sort
of valuable but okay we probably want to
take that it's not bad I want to take
the little brim so we should take the
shovel as well but I'll be the first to
tell you a little bit of a funky game
plan here
I think we just oh it worked oh my lord
okay we're alive but that was very scary
I think we want to suck that up oh
please don't be a black market just be a
good crawlspace I still stand by this
being the right decision but it's
looking a little grimy here our dps is
the real problem which is why I'm very
tempted to actually suck up belly button
but allowing us to hold two trinkets
could potentially be pretty nice okay
well let's go peep this I'm happy we
have the shovel the question really is
whether or not it was worth thank you
whether or not it was worth using our
charge when we could have gotten a DPS
upgrade and also I mean it would have
been better of course we didn't step on
the spikes but I'm not sure there's any
way to like painlessly swap items
without stepping on the spikes I kind of
left it up to a chance and that was
clearly like the super wrong decision
it's kind of a weird one here cuz you're
not supposed to pick up the d6 with void
can lead to some weird interactions I
don't necessarily think it's destructive
but I don't think it's a good choice
necessarily that being said I'm gonna
completely do it so we'll suck that up
and I really have no idea I think we
just sucked up nothing I think we've
weary rolled the active into a passive
sucked it up and got nothing out of it
which is pretty you know that sucks
that's not great let's put one cent in
here we were looking for the rear
in theory we could make a pretty good
case for taking the four taking the
battery I guess but let's save our money
instead cuz you never know we might be
buying spirit hearts out the wazoo you
know this one started a little bit
scarily and really the only thing that's
given us a big DPS improvement in the
present moment is the fact that we have
little Grimm without little brim we
would be in a much much scarier position
in fact I would I would probably be
angling towards a loss I think but now
we bought ourselves some time you know
what we didn't we gave ourselves a gap
here people come up to me all the time
they go NL how can I be expected to know
what I want to be for the rest of my
life when I'm 17 this is a conceit for
the purpose of this bit no one has ever
come up to me and said that okay I only
get a couple of different kinds of
interactions what I'm recognized there's
three of them one of them is hey excuse
me are you NL that's one another one I
get hey Ryan
and I go yes and they go hey I watch
your YouTube videos and I go okay it's
gonna be you know this is this is I'm
not being served right now oh we should
probably suck that up even though it's
not Canada ten necessarily but it won't
even suck it up because of the d6 right
okay well we'll see and the other one is
someone shouting an inside joke of mine
at me from like across the street like
sometimes and this doesn't happen all
the time I don't want to make it sound
like every time I walk outside of my
apartment like people are like there's a
hot dog sandwich but it does especially
at conventions sometimes people will
just like shout a joke at me and it's
fun you know I just wave and go like
this is my life this is my life this is
my life you know it's it's a song it's a
thing let's give this a chance
nobody's ever coming up to me and now
what should I do with my life and that's
probably for the best
dude restock is a great get in this
situation buy this check the secret room
mmm that's a magic much 10 out of 10
guaranteed like I said but yeah you know
you can't really when you go to college
your age may vary
Bob's curse worth sucking up for sure
but then again we wouldn't have sucked
it up so maybe it's better to keep it
this way um when you go off to college
or university if you go off to college
or university or you choose something to
apprentice in etc etc okey dokey
oh my god it's actually just really
stupid so I just skipped the bathroom I
don't know what that that's a rare form
of mistake for me it's just like
complete idiocy well you got to own it
basically anyway the overly prey wing
lang thank you the one the steak
deserves another I suppose the what I'm
trying to get at is you know we gave
ourselves a gap year by getting little
brims you know mom and dad are like hey
you know we'll cover your rent for a
year just try to figure out what you
want to do and you're like I will even
though nobody really knows what that
means check out our room here it doesn't
mean we're safe forever even though you
know what the dawn of a gap year it
might seem like that year's gonna last
forever no year does unless I mean
honestly it would be like terrifying if
the year did last forever that would be
just I can't even imagine the
existential dread of knowing that a year
is never gonna end or not knowing that
it's never gonna end it just living in
it it's like you know David Lynch in
either way though so we could sprinkler
and we get shovels so there is
unintended to use this not necessarily
all the time but if we could use it once
per floor and maybe get a crawlspace
it's worth something you could probably
use it twice per floor now it may come a
time when the sprinkler is better that
time is not now unless occasional Holy
Light shots which are like you know 12
out of 10
yeah we're starting to do okay here to
definitely use more though more
everything basically oh my god that was
uh obviously we're not sucking that out
that was um Liberty cab given us VAT
mushroom I think can't help so yeah we
got a we got to still find a way to get
ahead of this run and honestly the way
that we're probably gonna do that is
related to the fact we just picked up
cricket said which is an awesome damage
up for us I don't see any tinted rocks
been pretty lucky on consumables Bob's
curses showed up which I appreciate
plus like take it from me um why would I
lie to you the boss fight that we
skipped it was gonna be garbage it was
gonna be like champion mega fatty and
then he was gonna drop pageant boy and
if we tried to suck it up it was
actually gonna give us it was gonna
reduce our speed 20.2 I've seen it all
happen we get another charge as soon as
we leave so we might as well pop this
just wanted to share my puffs secret
with you actually this is really good
the eternal heart is going to be very
useful now we're fighting mega fatty but
you know this isn't a champion so it's
it's way better than if we fought him on
the boss fight and actually sprinkler is
gonna be a lot better because of the
fact that we got that damage upgrade as
well although still like not in the
thing is I want to use a poly on I want
to use void rather we can get mega Satan
done here which we definitely have not
done we want to use void to get the the
best like passive run that we can get
stacking up actives it's the only thing
I don't like about void and it's
probably good for balance that it's a
choice that's gonna hurt the only thing
I don't like about void is the fact that
we're basically stuck choosing to stack
up awesome actives or stack up the
chance for an amazing passive run by you
know re-rolling items into stat upgrades
unfortunately it's hard to have your
your cake and eat it too there god I
hate are you a wizard frickin stupid
internet mean picture those dang meme
pictures now I got to spend 45 seconds
every third run not being able to hit
anything okay obviously we want that and
oh I mean like we're gonna get HP back
immediately but is it worth it I think
it is let's I mean it like contract from
below is really good as well it's a it's
a tough call it's a tougher call they
need to think at least it might not be
that tough cuz go ahead is also amazing
but so we're gonna keep get out of jail
free and if it seems like that's kind of
unnecessary want to remind you that
there will probably come a point on
every single character where we need to
accomplish something annoying often
times that's mega saver so if we can get
this whole mega Satan nonsense taken
care of before it becomes as annoying as
it'll neva tably be
and I am very pleased to do so now the
other thing by the way and normally with
restock the the methodology that you
want is pretty simple you know you're
like I'm gonna buy things from the shop
I'm gonna buy a bunch of items
especially if I get steamed say they're
gonna be real cheap we can get stacked
that is important however on a run like
this you know HP not really our strong
suit right now we may want to consider
just buying spirit hearts and I think
that that is fundamentally an okay thing
to do also if you ever step on one of
those spikes I'm disowning myself no
you're gonna say NL that's not even you
know you can't legally disown yourself
it would have extremely troubling
implications in the field of law you
know declaring bankruptcy and so on I'm
gonna do it try to stop me it's a free
country please blow up the skulls you
know you got one and it paid out I'm a
happy camper I don't like the expression
happy camper you would be fooled because
I use it all the time it's just because
it has a certain singsong genus to to it
that I kind of like and it gives you a
folksy nature which can be valuable in
building a moment I think you know I
don't understand why campers are the the
number one representative of happiness
maybe it's because they're prone to
sadness homesickness you know get a
phone call from mom that makes you a
happy camper maybe it's plausible I
suppose apart from that I can't really
think of where that idiom conceivably
could have come from
or is it that campers are like the
happiest people on earth because I
honestly don't know I honestly don't
know the answer to that question I've
been camping I've never been to camp
though I listen to a lot of camp low
though you know you need to relax and
dress low weight you need to unwind and
come low relax yourself and let the
sugar Love coolly hag got you boy see
Luchini is a much easier one to actually
rap Cooley high is like impossible
so I won't even try although I did
entertain the thought temporarily
surrounding depths one we're about two
minutes ahead of schedule just go leave
if you don't get that reference here's
your required listening can't blow up
town Saturday night you can skip a few
of the tracks but you've got to hit
Luchini you got a hit Cooley high you
got a hit black nostalgic and that's
good enough you know those are gonna be
on the quiz next week I was ready for a
Krampus fight because betrayal just
sucks so I think we'll just take HP
because we have time I feel like I
should look for a secret room and that
worked out very well it's a little bit
boring to just get HP but also essential
I would say and then beyond that we need
keys cuz we we really value and benefit
from going to our item room in
particular but also shop with restock
like nothing wrong with that oh it's
pretty solid get actually plenty of
bombs
let's try try can always escape down
these portals if we if we have to two
keys
okay get the heck out of here we still
want to keep pace cuz boss rush is is
doable but do we really want to do boss
rush and mega satan in the same run
possibly in a way I'm kind of like why
not so this is a ideal Steam sale we
didn't get Steam sale but it would have
been super good with restock still if
we're able to get keys for the next shop
we can make a lot of we can pay
dividends let's leave it at that all
right we can't fly permanently here holy
water not particularly strong let's try
to suck it up I don't know what we're
gonna get we got damage and also an
escape not worth taking the Hermit card
just bounce I think we're in a really
really good spot now we got to keep pace
but apart from that we're like fairly
well off
so let's smash we'd have 10 damage I
don't want I'm always the guy I don't
complain that much I find very little to
complain about except in Isaac videos
it's always a topic for conversation you
know oh my lord it's it's a topic for
conversation what does this run need
well I was complaining about damage
earlier now our damage is sorted so
we're probably set right no we're not
and the reason is our great of fire kind
of sucks I'm motivated by that you know
there's always gonna be a thorn in your
side in life you know you gotta do what
you can to minimize that thorn even with
the knowledge that once you remove that
thorn from your side another thorn is
going to appear you know there's always
something to focus on
I think people are like and I do this as
well zero question about it I think
people are like you know if I just had
money all my problems would disappear
people with money got problems you think
professional athletes aren't stressing
out they might be stressing out even
more I'm not saying they have a harder
life but that doesn't necessarily mean
it you know we all know that a lot of
stress is rational a lot of is
irrational right if we could I mean we
could reroll then and then be fine
same thing like you know I did I also
believe then I was gonna say I was gonna
go down like a dark road I was gonna say
I don't believe that human beings are
like a hardwired to be happy I don't
mean that the way that it sounds just
mean like you know keep in mind this is
coming from someone with a bachelor's
degree in biology if you want to listen
to like more intelligent people say this
stuff you should vet him first I am a
moron I graduated with like a 3.2 GPA in
an undergraduate program not qualified
to say this stuff my hunch is that like
there's not too much in our evolutionary
past there wasn't that much value in
being happy you know contentedness was
probably good cuz let you to give you
time to appreciate what you had I
suppose I mean we'll start working
towards bookworm just because we don't
need our money for anything else we're
not gonna donate on this one just
because we're moving faster than then
that is relevant I guess well you know
back in the day what were the what were
the emotions that led to your survival
probably you know like Drive passion
anger stuff like that I think we're
gonna save our charge because we could
suck up all the items on boss rush you
know hunger it's not really an emotion
but you get the idea there's a caveman
you know three the hundred thousand well
that's too long ago there's a caveman
fifty thousand years ago how do you feel
Bill I'm happy that dudes he's being
weeded out someone hungrier than in is
gonna take a spot on the food chain now
I love the fact that we live in a
society where that stuff is largely
irrelevant except for the best
is you know trapped in our skulls
because I would be sooo I'm done
like slovenly that's maybe not the right
word
sloth like occasionally I have lazy
tendencies negative please and I'm
content spend a lot of my life being
content I want to save some HP I'm not
necessarily pleased with this but I
think that we it's probably better for
us to have gotten the stats than the
virus and at least we got to roll the
dice but I think it's kind of like you
know that's the struggle is that if our
ancestors had what we had would they be
happy you know uniformly or nearly
uniformly possibly but I think that the
human brain is designed to look for
problems and then solutions to those
problems you know it's a blessing but
also a curse is a blessing because I
mean let me we live in a world at least
in North America of like considerable
abundance a lot of the time not
everybody of course but Elon Musk the
other day posted a concept video which I
think there's a lot to make fun of here
but he's also like incredibly ambitious
and ten times smarter than I'll ever be
uh where it was like hey now boarding
New York to Shanghai and you're like oh
cool did they invent some kind of plane
that's gonna be very fast no you know
what they did my dude it's thinking not
saying he's gonna but the concept art at
least this exists thinking about sending
people up in one of those SpaceX rockets
from New York to Shanghai there is
without the human brain nobody's doing
that we go what are you gonna do today I
was thinking I would eat a balanced mix
of carbs proteins and fats and then
maybe watch some art nah son what are
you gonna do today I'm gonna solve an
incredible problem maybe send human
beings up in a rocket ship that hasn't
even been invented yet that can then
land on a you know mobile aquatic
platform also Elon I gotta ask dude are
these people not gonna be experiencing
like 80 G's during takeoff this is Ivan
I missed
you're a smart dude it's one of the
questions I imagine that you've asked
yourself many times what do you do you
can you build a cabin
Cillian enough the things gonna go like
a higher than the ISS gives us our
ambition but also our discontent unless
I think so we don't need to do boss rush
what we do we don't need to do it right
now
but I'm gonna because you got a pretty
good run here sprinkler helps out but to
be honestly I love the sprinkler with
the void that's like the big draw here
it's almost like having a big read mode
wow that was horrible and we're probably
gonna take a bunch of damage as a result
of this I also don't know if we actually
can finish the negative path while
simultaneously doing the mega satan
fight but we'll try to do both because
if we could knock them both out it would
be quite nice for us okay so you were
just invisible for a hundred years
don't forget there could be a black
market there I know what you're thinking
you're like NL you're accidentally gonna
go down to another floor no I knocked
that out of my system earlier on the
caves one remember that was the worst
damage you can't go over this you can't
go over there gonna you're gonna hit a
wall dude so some of the shots from
sprinkler are indeed getting holy light
that's really the I don't wanna say
endgame but that's the ideal situation
for us is that we get these holy light
shots occasionally from sprinkler to hit
enemies and if they do amazing you know
that justifies like 20 misses I think we
had one there too
haven't been playing particularly well
on this boss fight but you know wherever
we go there we are we get a range up
greatly I feel like we should not be
hidden enemies from this far away oh you
stand like literally no chance the
sprinkler array is actually working we
could we could use a higher rate of fire
I don't want it I want to always be that
guy I think we did get it tears up in
the boss rush bedlam there but but still
eight rate of fire is not good
hey locust of conquest unlocked
Harlequin baby is no good but we don't
have a choice
yep go peep this let's book a rep right
right right right right we saw it
earlier so we lost the ability to even
take Harlequin baby that's something I
learned a long time ago but forgot about
unfortunately in the moment right there
still very little to worry about but the
map uh we probably could do the hut of
the hush fight and we do need to I don't
I might save that one for a future a
future Ryan because as I was looking for
a way out of that situation I did not
see it it's just a little too much to
accomplish on one run plus like we don't
have very much money
I'm not leaving that scent behind
because of the you know because it fits
my agenda there it's more I don't want
to risk possibly hitting the red hard to
pick up a single penny which is probably
why I'm not in the upper tier of Isaac
players and rest firmly in like the a -
tier despite playing you know almost as
much as anybody else outside of the you
know a few node where the outliers
good good good spirits would have been
better but that's also okay
well yeah you know it saves something
for a future run because the mega satan
there's like an order of magnitude more
difficulty getting a mega satan victory
versus getting a hush victory not
because mega satan is harder but because
it's harder to will it into existence so
i think if we focus on getting negative
mega satan taken care of that's good
enough I know we have Steam sale I know
we have restock things could change you
know we got guaranteed deals with the
devil and we know how to use them on
occasion you got guaranteed deals no how
do you use them on occasion so this will
probably ruin the sprinkler but we
haven't had moms knife in forever and
the damage output is real gone still
might not do the hush fight it's not
like I have round table in 17 minutes or
anything if I were the boss fight
nanananana
I need me open oh no no no no dude
didn't drops my Sylvester Stallone sings
Rafi and so we're gonna vine one thing's
for sure I would love you Adrian no no
no no see the joke writes itself
banana phone Adrian
ring ring ring ring ring ring ring
banana phone
Adrian I've got my hunches Adrian
they're the bunches it's the best beats
the rest but not me cellular modular
interactive aaj alert Adrian ring ring
ring
this is actually like dude this bit
would have killed in the 1970s now is no
good you know we expect something a
little bit more cerebral and said just
seems like the a man casting out the
psychological shackles of sanity see the
joke is he says Adrian oh my god you're
giving me too many options here I'm not
gonna fight hush not gonna fight hush
it's not the right run we don't get em
we don't get much from going down it's
just poke as you get along you've got
not a lot of HP in a long life ahead of
you I almost did it straight up oh yeah
we can't even get a shovel payouts down
here it's really it's an HP related
concern at this point now the damage is
out of control we should basically crap
on pretty much any enemy we come across
including bosses as long as we don't
miss with that first knife shot but
we're not you know yeah I hesitate to
say this cuz it's gonna you take it out
of context a little bit and you know
look at the stats
we're not that strong we're very very
powerful we're not that strong you know
we can only get hit a few times before
it would have a sincere and immediate
impact on the run especially considering
all the all the enemies left to face but
they I mean we're getting like speed
running here towards the end
okay maybe we had already done that
I don't think so though so the idea is
and I could be mistaken here but the
idea right now is we fight the lamb and
I hope after fighting and killing the
lamb that we gain whatever you get you
get the post-it note basically there's
no need to belabor the point get out of
here if we do then we can fight mega
Satan if we don't we'll still fight mega
Satan I'll just be a little bit more
annoyed by the situation it's an ideal
run to accomplish as much as possible to
be honest we probably could have fit the
hush fight in could have fitted the hush
fighting but it's better this way I
think just because if it had gone
terribly wrong
losing out on the extremely rare like
get out of jail free dynamic mega Satan
appearance is not catastrophic but
demoralizing I don't even remember what
you get for it knocking this guy out
anyway Demura
lies at Etsy it's like a reference to
second season of master of none this is
why I chose not a chill not to go to the
hush fight just seemed like the
potential for this level of disaster was
high we might even die to mega Satan but
the damage is such that we shouldn't
does depend a little bit on Oh No
whether or not we take damage here I
think no explosives please okay maybe we
should be hoping for the explosives that
was actually relatively easy to dodge
these
you ain't no Isaac dude I can dodge
those shots all day oh not that one
apparently she got me homing shots
that's a bummer I'm trying to shoot
diagonally oh it worked but I missed the
hitbox somehow
okay just kill the lamb No
did we get the posted note we don't oh
you got a try dude you got a try don't
get it don't get it don't get it
don't get hit algae's algae's a Waze
should do nothing the guys that's the
one okay so what do you do to get out of
jail free you'll walk back to the spawn
room you use get out of jail free you
walk back to where the algae's is you
carry that into the boss fight and you
use it against Magus Aiden when he uses
the most attacks that are nearly on
dodge able hopefully we can still go
back in there if we can I'm gonna be
real cheesed I'm just gonna be in
defensively ornery about the whole
situation but I think we're gonna get
that mega Satan payout I am a little
little rattled by the fact that it
doesn't look like we'll get the Lamb
payout but you know what it was an easy
fight and we had to check to take off as
many posted notes not to speed up as
much as possible but just to be you know
fun it's just fun to knock out as many
of those as conceivably we can right off
the bat so the idea I think is that we
probably wait to pop algae's until the
second phase or rather wait to pop
algae's until we get hit once just so we
maximize the likelihood of our survival
okay that's just horrible it should not
have happened that early all I can't
even hit him by standing there that's a
bummer should pop sprinkler down we're
gonna have to fight mega Satan without
getting hit so we might actually end up
accomplishing nothing if it all goes
crashing down no you don't understand
you got to go
algae's is over it is shooting knives I
actually thought it would just do
nothing or rather maybe just have like a
little knife that pokes out or something
the fact that it shoots the knives is
actually fairly strong who was the most
likely to hit us probably the the wave
that we got hit on but this is also not
easy this wave with like the fires and
you know the weird bouncing shots and
the etceteras and the what force yeah
this is what I mean
we have done it I mean we got hate once
so I'm a little bummed out but dude no
owner not today not on 0 okay we got
locusts to death
we got Mort baby which is a co-op thing
and we got a lot of that posted node
fielding but for now thanks for watching
hope you guys enjoyed it if you did
click the like button upside a great
deal of course subscribe gonna see more
in the future but for now thanks for
watching and I will see you next time